>> Kent Dodds: But I think it'd be cool
to have you all do an exercise right now.
Since, it looks like you wanna
use your fingers on the keyboard.
So for your stuff, you're actually
gonna be in this same area,
you'll just be doing the post, not to do.
>> Kent Dodds: And so to run those tests,
you'll be in watch mode,
hit the p key, and
then controllers.*post.todo.
And I've already kind of set things up for
you from the outline standpoint.
Just do the first one, we'll just give you
ten minutes just to do this first one.
And then, we'll come back and
I'll work through the solution.
And then, we'll continue onto our next
subject about test object factories.